Subject:   JES2 Max Condition code and CN(00) message suppression
   Date:   Mon, 07 Jul 2003 23:14:17 -0700
   From:   Brian Westerman <Brian_Westerman@SyzygyInc.com>
     To: "Volker Bandke" <vbandke@bsp-gmbh.com>, Sam Knutson
         <sknutson@cbttape.org>, Sam Golob <sbgolob@attglobal.net>


Hi Volker, Sam and Sam,

The JES2 Max condition code sysmods are ready.  I have attached
them to this email.

The First sysmod is to remove the CN(00) from the messages that
are sent to  TSO from system tasks, it's annoying and makes the
max condition code  message look weird.  No one wants to get "JOB
SYSGEN1 ENDED MAX COND CODE  0016 CN(00)", because users mistake
the CN(00) to mean that they got a  condition code zero.

The JES2 sysmods work very well.  I had to make a couple of
changes from  the old code, and I needed to make a copy of
IEFAJCTB in AMODGEN (I called  it IEFAJCTZ), because the MVS JCT
has some names that conflict with the JES  $JCT.  This was fixed
in MVS/SP, but if we had MVS/SP I wouldn't need these  sysmods.

Anyway, I think that you will like these mods, I had forgotten
how much  work gets saved by knowing the condition code without
looking at the job.

Since I had to go back and load my old tape, I decided that I
might as well  test out all of the old sysmods that we used to
use.  I have a better  version of SPY that I will post soon as
well.  The one that was posted by  someone a week or so ago has
some usability problems that I don't think are  necessary.  I
have some zaps to make default allocations for TSO and also  to
remove that old "dataset not freed, is not allocated" message as
well.  I also have several updates to make the extended "D A,L"
and some  JES2 commands that I added before it became easy to do
with Exit5 on the  newer JES.

I'll keep you updated.

Have Fun,

Brian
